Revive Preboot (#1133)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-plugin-https-proxy/README.md

gasket.actions.startProxyServer();
```

> This action follows the pattern: `prepareProxyServer` → `preboot` lifecycle → proxy server initialization.
> 
> The complete flow is:
> 
> 1. Waits for `gasket.isReady` (ensuring async configuration is complete)
> 2. Executes the `preboot` lifecycle (one-time initialization)
> 3. Executes the `httpsProxy` lifecycle for dynamic configuration
> 4. Creates and starts the proxy server

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The complete flow is:

1. Waits for `gasket.isReady` (ensuring async configuration is complete)
2. Executes the `prebootHttpsProxy` lifecycle (one-time initialization)
3. Executes the `httpsProxy` lifecycle for dynamic configuration
4. Creates and starts the proxy server
```

## Lifecycles

### prebootHttpsProxy

This lifecycle is executed before the proxy server is started. It is a good place to
execute operations that need to happen before the proxy server is started.

```js
/**
 * Executed before the proxy server is started.
 *
 * @param {Gasket} gasket Gasket API.
 */
prebootHttpsProxy: async function prebootHttpsProxy(gasket) {
  // async operations
}
```

> #### When to use `preboot` vs `prepare`

Reviewer: Adjust the lifecycle name in this doc block
```suggestion
#### When to use `prebootHttpsProxy` vs `prepare`
```

## Lifecycles

> ### preboot

Reviewer 2: I think something as essential as "things I want to do before my server starts" would be misplaced being part of `@gasket/plugin-https-proxy` which seems like a plugin that would not be necessarily a universal thing but more like a weird plugin we have to work around next.js specificities. I was thinking it should be part of `@gasket/plugin-https` instead (which would be better named `@gasket/plugin-web-server`).

This lifecycle is executed before the proxy server is started. It is a good place to
execute operations that need to happen before the proxy server is started.

```js
/**
 * Executed before the proxy server is started.
 *
 * @param {Gasket} gasket Gasket API.
 */
preboot: async function preboot(gasket) {
  // async operations
}
```

> 

Author: This a great addition 🏅
